refactor (#336)
KxSystems/docs: docs/basics/errors.md

<style>dt {color:#F23A66}</style>

{directory}/q.k. OS reports: No such file or directory

> :   Using enviornment variable `QHOME` (or `<HOME DIRECTORY>/q` if not set), `q.k` not found in the directory specified. Check `QHOME` environment variable correctly set to provide directory of `q.k`, which is provided in the kdb+ installation files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Using the environment variable `QHOME` (or `<HOME DIRECTORY>/q` if not set), `q.k` was not found in the directory specified. Check that the `QHOME` environment variable is correctly set to the directory containing `q.k`, which is provided in the kdb+ installation files.
```

Reviewer: @sshanks-kx please check this to make sure I didn't change the intended meaning. It doesn't make a lot of sense and I want to make sure it's right.

{timestamp} couldn't connect to license daemon | Could not connect to KX license server ([kdb+ On Demand](../learn/licensing.md#licensing-server))
[](){#cores}cores | The license is for [fewer cores than available](../learn/licensing.md#core-restrictions)
[](){#cpu}cpu | The license is for fewer CPUs than available

> [](){#exp}exp | License expiry date is prior to system date. License has expired. Commercial license holders should have their Designated Contacts contact licadmin@kx.com, or contact sales@kx.com to beging a new commercial agreement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[](){#exp}exp | License expiry date is prior to system date. The license has expired. Commercial license holders should have their Designated Contacts reach out to licadmin@kx.com or contact sales@kx.com to begin a new commercial agreement.
```

[](){#host}host | The hostname reported by the OS does not match the hostname or hostname-pattern in the license.<br><br>If you see `255.255.255.255` in the kdb+ banner, the machine likely cannot resolve its hostname to an IP address, which will cause a `host` error.<br><br>Since 4.1t 2022.07.01,4.0 2022.07.01 the detected hostname is printed. It can be used to compare with the hostname used within the license.

> [](){#k4.lic}k4.lic | `k4.lic` file not found. If the enviroment variable [`QLIC`](../learn/licensing.md#keeping-the-license-key-file-elsewhere) is set, check it is set to the directory containing the license file (note: it should not be set to the location of the license file itself, but the directory that holds the license file).  If `QLIC` unset, check the directory specified by the  environment variables [`QHOME`](../learn/install.md#step-2-put-kdb-in-qhome) contains the license file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[](){#k4.lic}k4.lic | `k4.lic` file not found. If the environment variable [`QLIC`](../learn/licensing.md#keeping-the-license-key-file-elsewhere) is set, check it is set to the directory containing the license file. **Note** that it should not be set to the location of the license file itself, but to the directory that contains the license file.  If `QLIC` is not set, check that the directory specified by the environment variables [`QHOME`](../learn/install.md#step-2-put-kdb-in-qhome) contains the license file.
```

[](){#os}os | Wrong OS or operating-system error (if runtime error)
[](){#srv}srv | Client-only license in server mode
[](){#upd}upd | Version of kdb+ more recent than update date, _or_ the function `upd` is undefined (sometimes encountered during ``-11!`:logfile``)
[](){#user}user | Unlicensed user

> [](){#wha}wha | System date is prior to kdb+ version date. Check system date shows the correct date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[](){#wha}wha | System date is prior to kdb+ version date. Check that the system date shows the correct date.
```

> [](){#wrong-q.k-version}wrong q.k version | `q` and `q.k` versions do not match. Check that the `q.k` file (found in the directory specified by the `QHOME` environment variable) is the same version as that supplied with the q binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[](){#wrong-q.k-version}wrong q.k version | `q` and `q.k` versions do not match. Check that the `q.k` file found in the directory specified by the `QHOME` environment variable is the same version as that supplied with the q binary.
```
